I've always worn wacky shoes but toe
shoes what I think the real question is
why are normal shoes not actually foot
shaped like what what's going on imagine
trying to live your life with oven mitts
on I got it your hands would probably
become more and more useless over time
and the same thing happened with your
foot fingers and your foot Palms foot
Palms whatever sure you don't have to
have the ability to have a completely
flat foot or a high arch on command but
a little focus on your foot Health goes
a long way I wear palas because without
even thinking about it I'm focusing on
my foot Health with every step there's
also a little bit of padding so stepping
on a Lego won't take you out there
genuinely isn't a better option in my
opinion and they just restock so running
go get a pair go to pva.com or the link
in my bio to at least check out the
options and the discount code is stay
flexy